---
layout: post
title: March 16 Daily
date: 2020-03-16 09:51
categories:
---

Hello! I'm your host, Connor McDermid, and welcome back to another Coronavirus Report! This report is for Monday, March 16.  
  
The work week has started and unfortunately, this pesky virus is *still around!* Let's take a look.  

---------------------------------INFECTION REPORTS NJ---------------------------------  
AS OF 9:11 on Mar 16, (20200316T0911, 1584364333 epoch), there are:    

98 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in New Jersey.  
2 deaths as a result of COVID-19  
0 serious cases  
0 recoveries  

MORRIS COUNTY:  
4 confirmed cases of COVID-19  
1 in Butler  
1 in Morristown  
1 in Parsippany  
1 unknown  
  
  
---------------------------------INFECTION REPORTS US---------------------------------  
AS OF 9:11 on Mar 16, (20200316T0911, 1584364333 epoch), there are:    

3,606 confirmed cases of COVID-19   
63 deaths as a result of COVID-19  
60 serious cases  
8 recoveries  
  

-------------------------------GLOBAL INFECTION REPORTS-------------------------------  
AS OF 9:11 on Mar 16, (20200316T0911, 1584364333 epoch), there are:  

173,293 confirmed cases of COVID-19  
6,649 deaths as a result of COVID-19  
6,262 serious cases  
77,541 recoveries  

---------------------------------SCHOOL CLOSURES--------------------------------------  
All Bergen County schools are closed.  
All Morris County public schools are closed.  
Governor Murphy has announced that state-mandated, statewide school closures are in the works.  

---------------------------------SINCE YESTERDAY--------------------------------------  

Since yesterday, there have been 31 new cases of COVID-19. This is an example of the potentially
disastrous exponential spread that can result from highly infections diseases like this and 
demonstrates their potential to rapidly spread out of control and overwhelm the healthcare
system.

Even if you are not sick, it is important to practice social isolation, so that you do not become
yet another vector for this deadly virus. 
